fix(docs) Resolve 196 mdx lint warnings for just, quickly, actually, PostgreSQL (#47358)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/troubleshooting/error-index-row-size-exceeds-btree-version-4-maximum-for-index-LMmoeU.mdx

[More on building index by expression](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createindex.html)

> For some datatypes other than text that allows queries by partial inclusion (i.e. that the pair key-value is includes in a JSON or for implementing tsvector phrase search) you'd use GIST/GIN indexes that inherently have values space much narrower that the whole to be indexed.

Author: ```suggestion
For some non-text datatypes that support queries by partial inclusion—such as checking whether a key-value pair exists in JSON, or implementing `tsvector` phrase search—use GiST or GIN indexes. These index types operate on a narrower value space than the full content being indexed.
```
